#summary Constructor API for the Pie Chart
#labels PieChart,Constructor

{{{
jsEasyCharts.pie(attachTo, dataSource, opts);
}}}

[http://www.tmaslen.plus.com/jseasycharts/demos.pie.html Documentation with examples]

<dl class="constructor">
	<dt>attachTo</dt>
	<dd>Type: DOM element | string<br />
	Reference of an element on the page where you want the chart to be put.  This can be either a string dictating the id of the element or a reference to the element itself.</dd>
	<dt>dataSource</dt>
	<dd>Type: Array | JSON object | id of a table DOM element<br />
	The data that you want to populate the chart with.  This can be an array/multi-dimensional array, a JSON object or a reference to a table element.</dd>
	<dt>opts</dt>
	<dd>Type: JSON object<br />
	Optional configuration setting.
	<dl class="options">
		<dt>altText</dt>
		<dd>Type: String<br />
		Default: none<br />
		The text to be placed in the alt attribute of the image tag.</dd>
		<dt>colour</dt>
		<dd>Type: String<br />
		Default: none<br />
		The RGB value for the colour you want the lines in the chart to be.  To set multiple colours use a comma delimited list of RGB values (e.g. '99cc00,cc9900').</dd>
		<dt>https</dt>
		<dd>Type: boolean<br />
		Default: false<br />
		Set to true if you want an image that has a URL that starts with "https" and won't cause a security alert on a secure page.</dd>
		<dt>labels</dt>
		<dd>Type: String[]<br />
		Default: none<br />
		Values to use as the labels for your data.  These values go across the X axis of the chart.</dd>
		<dt>legend</dt>
		<dd>Type: string<br />
		Default: none<br />
		A comma delimited list of values to display in a legend.  The legend will use any colour values passed in via the colour parameter in the options object.</dd>
		<dt>showLabels</dt>
		<dd>Type: boolean<br />
		Default: true<br />
		Set to false if your dataSource has data for labels but you do not want them to be shown in the chart.</dd>
		<dt>size</dt>
		<dd>Type: string<br />
		Default: '100x100'<br />
		'x' delimited values for the height and width of the chart.</dd>
	</dl>
	</dd>
</dl>